Obviously I wanna be a great musican. Am I willing to fuckin do what it take s is the meditation topic for the day. 

Let's think about this level of goal and self-esteem and personal competence and resourcefulness it takes to get there. 

Obviously I wanna make my own hours. Number one do I really give a fuck, ie how much do I wanna bend my personality from this point on. It can be exciting. 

Obviously I want quality pussy in less time, but am I really willing to study my prey? 

And selfish as it may be, This is really motivating to think about. 

working out nutrition sleep vitamins pushups musics meditations proteins sexualities music musics musics yes lord. funny fun times with fun people all the times Successfulness and beauteous relationship... There we go... I co[us say more/ ?]

I know it's painful and hard to do, but can you really go into some meditations. Go back in your mind into your past relationships and mine into your past when you were actually good at the game. What was your attitude? What made you ... big smoke burger comes to mind.... York University... Just the setting being around that and the girls basically changed it without me doing anything. 

And it's like... 

What's it like Daniel? 

What I am getting so far is that the desire for more is present within my bosom ready to explode upon the next task. 

I am conscious enough of urgency 

yet aware of the need to act "as if" Ie. To wait (actively, not passively)

What is going on here? 



Anything, absolutely anything can happen. Very un pre dict able . 

There is or can be no way to prove that I am doing the "scientifically right thing" at this moment... I think for a bunch of reasons. and also because I just don't feel a certain respect for life in Tony that I feel from TIP, or Supreme. They had that grittiness in common. 


There is a science of success though. The tricky part is actually defining success so the science of success becomes the science of definition. 

Definition. 

De finity

De Finity Ignition

That's interesting that the notion of combustion in there. 

Ign volition

Sign Volition

So now we see. 


Now we see that no matter what I write here. It is in a sense meaningless because the conclusion is prearranged (in a way)

On the contray though, that is WHY it is meaning FULL. 

Pre a range
Mean ing full

Pre (Before) full
Mean and we have the range. 


Before we are full 

We must find the mean and/or the range? 

Before (notion-time) [Complete]

We must find the mean (average) within the range? 

That's why Yuri says "normal normal"

Because we gotta hit that average person. And that's the bottom line. The most clear example of that today for me, because they were all super striking today and yesterday

Timoteo. And also the fuckin dude at McdonAlds went out of his way to thank me and also that hot older woman on the bus. 

Were seeing a pattern. Those three and Timoteo being the strongest is whats really going on for me. And the fuckin kid on acid. Average fuckers. Sorry. I have it in me too. Timoteo. So noble. Ready to defend his cause. Little did he know the extent of what he was getting himself into being "that fuckin dude" 

But I helped his ass out so majorly. 

And Daley Holy Shit. This dude remembers. 

And Donald. Offensive Maneuvers. 

Close Time Friends. Never Knowing Never Wanting. 

Grateful

Energies. 

Propcreations. 
Proprioceptions
Ineptions

Its all cause of the Moroccan vibes, mingled as I am realisng now with the Political Blood. 

Ok. So. 

I hate. Non Grassroots. Shit. 

Hate that fuckin shit. 

And Yet. 

The Closed Network. Is What. My Dad. Used to Feed me. 

At least respect its "Magnitidue and Complexity and at the very least its existence." 

Same two lesson. 

Respect the Entity. 

And

Respect The Overwhelming Dominance of the 
"Closed Network" vibe. (for all the good jobs and other shit)

Rob Brezny was saying to consider shit that is potentially (seeming) impractical

Beautiful Runs at York University. 

I havent had one like that in a while. 

I'm much more sluggish than I had hoped I would be by this point but no matter. Keep truckin. 

These females its not their fault for being born cute. 

There you go. 

Are you feeling better? Are the psychological knots beginning to untie themselves? 

Shit is definately starting to sort of unwind. 

shrooms. 
coding and shits .
making pussy happen faster. 
strategy. 
meditations. 
musics. 
pushups. 
good peoples. 
good timyesz. 
exercizs. 
proteins. 
codings. 
monies. 
spirtual badasseries continuing. And multiplicanding. 
Cause those are already happening in abundance and the other things "so they say" are trying to come to me but I am blocking them 

And I would definately agree. I want it in a Certain Way. That's a tall order . Daley is such a yielding mass of whatever that all I have to do is focus on him and hes able to connect with higher entities just like that. 

So .... Daily Life is not necessirley Daley Life.

"I got this shit on lock, I'll find a way" 

I'm still here though. Your psychological trainer at your service. 

I am feeling actually quite fuckin a lot beter. The only thing unless Im not remembering other shit is  . 

Now how do we handle 

We understand energetilly how to handle pussy aspex of the hologram. The words and concepts will come. 

Therre is the "General Concept Hologram (structures, routines for gerneral continuance etc")

Therer is the codes Hologram. 

So for the general concept hologram...

We understand that it's really about fuckin empathy tempered with a healthy dose of music and a also strategy. Not necessarily shit talk. Because you'll do that anyway. Might as well TRY to not make people feel bad. 

Empathy for the average person man. What is their life like. Are they happy? Sad? Melancholic? Depressed? Virignal? Suicidal? Tortured? Rich? Both? Spiritual? Atheist? Secreitive? Mean Spirited? Lovely as anything? Beautiful in so many ways? have been through trying and amazing times? 

Who are their frineds? 

Where do they like to go? 

What music do they listen? 

Who do they admire? 

How do they feel about marriage or [x] etc etc 

How do they feel about themselves? 

How do they feel about their lives in generaL? 

Technology? 

The world? 

Dating? 

Transgenderism? 

Covert Spy Operations? 

Madness? 

MEntal Health? 

LGBTQ? 

Environmental? 

Relationsips? 

Psychology Today? 

Modern American Rifle Magazine? 

Christian Today Digest? 

Yours truly personalized content from Angela? 

Who likes this? 

Who is inspired by this? 

Who makes the best kool aid what does it taste like and why? 

What would make you cry? 

What would scare you? 

How could I deceive you if I wanted to (energy)

Not that I want to 

That very information can be put towrads a good end. 

Cuz not everyone should know the truth. The truth is non temporal and non physical. 

Those who are anchored in the temporal at a given moment cannot even digest the truth let alone understand it, why give it to them unless you yourself were not in your right mind. 

Those who are anchored solely in the physical consuming and digesting creating nothing, Are not aware of themselves at a (either PRIMAL or SPIRITUAL or SOME OTHER UNHEARD OF DESCRIPTOR AS OF YET)
Why give it to them unless you are not seeing properly? 

Montreal

Alpha

Theta

Schumann

Ok so there you have it.... And I'm talking aloud. 

How the fuck do I find out these things. How can I improve my method. 

Let's do this. 

Step by step by step. 

Your're actually getting therte. This fact must be recognized before moving forward. 

There is not much to comment on. 

I do stupid shit. And It's a battle to not do it. And I'm starting to really start to see and control it. 

It's really good

I mena there's always shit to work on man. 

And that's where we can go to the codes hologram. 

The Codes Hologram. 

The Codes Hologram. As Rob Brezny so wisely said, needs to be sort of "seeming" impractical at the moment. But trusting inthe abundances to provide the materials. 

Right?

Now I just thought to myself Im going to go to the darkroom and meditate. Gotta start somehwere. 

The codes hologram is about

Develop[ers]

Social Codes

Breathing

Meditation

theta

theat

metronome

musics music musics

marijuana x3 x3

Youj see this right brained vibe now. 

You see this shit. 

Learning from books DOG

MEDITATIONS \

BECAUSE I CANT SEE THROUGH MY OWN SHIT 

Elaborate. 

See it feel[ it touch it taste it smell it hear it]

Inhavit it and speak. 

The same thing that daily said. 

The weak and powerless element within myself. Jumping for my attention. 

Let's have a conversation my friend. 

Desperate and Ravenous

Dracula as I approach the bottle

I feel nice man. 

The code element brings fear. No Kevin No Najwa But we have Tommy hodgins. 

And I'm starting to really enjoy this computer more which is helping. I can't really bring myself to count it as anything signifivant, but it is something. 

Hologrphic elemnts. ]

Impracticality is like. OK> Going out tomorwo with no fear and yet. 

Is iitha

Ok. 

The code element brings fear still. But it's ok. 

I already told mom. 

Day by day process. 

Thank you mom. 

Have we untangled your psychological knots for the day? 

If we have?   

May we rearrange the fibers in a better order, mabye with a bit of herb, a bit of water and some  meditation ? Or whateer? 

I am tentative, forgive me, you have done graciously in servies to me. 

I dont' wanna get in trouble anyore

I'm actually gotten pretty good. 

Fuck em. Now is my time. Eternity is my hour.

Now that I know that. 

I will say this . 

Fuck off demons, 

Fuck ouff. 

Fuck off. 

Good. 

I think that's alright my friend. 

This was a really good session. 

Melancholy follows me around and Alain de Botton and Badiou and russell and those twat brans jump to my aid. 







